Define severity, rule suppression, rule selection (#200)
Azure/template-analyzer: docs/customizing-evaluation-outputs.md

## Template BPA Rule Object
Here are the fields that make up a custom configuration file:
```javascript
{
    "exclusions": { ... }, // Parameters that are excluded from the BPA execution. More details below.
    "inclusions": { ... }, // Only parameters that will be included in the BPA execution. More details below.
    "severityOverrides": { ... } // Key-value pairs of Id and new severity value. Can change a rule's severity.
}
```

### Exclusions Object
The `exclusions` object is comprised of the following optional properties:
```javascript
"exclusions": {
    "severity": [int], // List of severities to not include in results. Any rules with matching severities will be omitted from results
    "ids": ["Id"] // List of ids to not include in results. Any rules with matching ids will be omitted from results
}
```
If the inclusions object contains values, then the exclusions object will be ignored. 

### Inclusions Object
The `inclusions` object is comprised of the following optional properties:
```javascript
"inclusions": {
    "severity": [int], // List of severities to include in results. Any rules with matching severities will be included in results

>     "ids": ["Id"] // List of ids to include in results. Any rules with matching ids will be included in results

Author: I moved it to the paragraph below instead w/ word "only" as it is both ids and severities together.

> }

Author: I did not know that is how it worked.

```
Only rules with matching severities and ids will be included in results. If the inclusions object contains values, then the exclusions object will be ignored. 

### SeverityOverrides Object [[*]](#note)
**NOTE: `severityOverrides` is not yet supported. 

> The `severityOverrides` is composed of a key-value pairs of id and a new severity value. Below is an example of changing the severities on two rules:

Reviewer: (minor) grammar can be fixed in first sentence.

# Template BPA Customizing Evaluation Outputs
<a name="note"></a>***Note**: The ARM Template BPA is currently in development. All features that have yet to be implemented have been flagged with an asterisk [\*].*

## Overview

> Template BPA customization is authored in JSON.  Custom evaluation settings are written in a separate configuration and used on tool executing. More details on how to run Template BPA with a configuration file can be found [here](https://github.com/Azure/template-analyzer#using-the-template-bpa). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Template BPA customization is authored in JSON.  Custom evaluation settings are written in a separate configuration and used on tool execution. More details on how to run Template BPA with a configuration file can be found [here](https://github.com/Azure/template-analyzer#using-the-template-bpa). 
```

## Template BPA Rule Object

> Here are the fields that make up a custom configuration file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here are the fields that make up a custom configuration file:
```

```javascript
{

>     "exclusions": { � }, // Parameters that are excluded from the BPA execution.  More details below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    "exclusions": { � }, // Parameters that are excluded from the BPA execution. More details below.
```

Reviewer 2: Same in the lines below

>     "exclusions": { � }, // Parameters that are excluded from the BPA execution.  More details below.

Reviewer 2: This work would also close #132 and #133, it probably makes sense to rename the PR

Reviewer 2: I think we need to write "Closes #issue" in its own line for each so that the issues get closed when the PR is merged

Reviewer: Right - when GitHub detects the "closing language", the issue will show up on the right side bar under "Linked issues"

Author: fixed, thanks!

    "inclusions": { � }, // Only parameters that will be included in the BPA execution.  More details below.
    "output": { � }, // How the BPA execution output will be displayed to the user.  More details below.

>     "severityReMapping": { � } // Tuple of ruleId and new severity value.  Can change a rule's severity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    "severityReMapping": { � } // Tuple of rule id and new severity value. Can change a rule's severity.
```

> }

Reviewer 2: It would make sense to me to support all the BPA parameters inside this file, maybe we could add the file paths here too? Or remove the options that are supported without this file, like the type of output

Author: Removed `"output"`

```

### Guidelines for exclusions object

> The `exclusions` is compromised of the following optional properties.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `exclusions` are comprised of the following optional properties:
```

Reviewer 2: Same for the below sections

Reviewer 2: Unresolved as it is not fully fixed

```javascript
"exclusions": {

>     "severity": [int], // Means don't include rule with servities that are in this list in the BPA execution

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    "severity": [int], // Means don't include rules with severities that are in this list in the BPA execution
```

    "ruleIds": ["ruleId"] // Means don't include rules that are in this list in the BPA execution
}
```
If the inclusions object contains values, then the exclusions object will be ignored. 

### Guidelines for inclusions object
The `inclusions` is compromised of the following optional properties.
```javascript
"inclusions": {
    "ruleIds": ["ruleId"] // Means only include rules that are in this list in the BPA execution
}
```
If the inclusions object contains values, then the exclusions object will be ignored. 

> ### Guidelines for output object [[*]](#note)

Reviewer 2: Maybe it makes sense to merge this PR after the SARIF one? We will support file output in SARIF format and console output

Author: Are we thinking we want to be able to define output both here in the configurations file and on the console, or do we only want on the console?

Reviewer 2: I like the idea of being consistent for all parameters (everything available in here too, or only the options that are not already available as console options) like I tried to say in another comment

**NOTE: `Output` is not yet supported. 
The `output` is compromised of the following optional properties.
```javascript
"output" : {
    "file": boolean, 
    "sortBy": ["higherSev", "alphabetic"]
}
```

### Guidelines for severityReMapping tuple

> The `severityReMapping` is composed of a tuple of ruleId and new severity value. Below is an example of changing the severities on two rules.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `severityReMapping` is composed of a tuple of a rule id and a new severity value. Below is an example of changing the severities on two rules:
```

# Template BPA Customizing Evaluation Outputs
<a name="note"></a>***Note**: The ARM Template BPA is currently in development. All features that have yet to be implemented have been flagged with an asterisk [\*].*

## Overview
Template BPA customization is authored in JSON.  Custom evaluation settings are written in a separate configuration and used on tool execution. More details on how to run Template BPA with a configuration file can be found [here](https://github.com/Azure/template-analyzer#using-the-template-bpa). 

## Template BPA Rule Object
Here are the fields that make up a custom configuration file:
```javascript
{
    "exclusions": { � }, // Parameters that are excluded from the BPA execution. More details below.
    "inclusions": { � }, // Only parameters that will be included in the BPA execution. More details below.
    "output": { � }, // How the BPA execution output will be displayed to the user. More details below.

>     "severityReMapping": { � } // Tuple of Id and new severity value. Can change a rule's severity.

Author: I like `severityOverides`. Updating to that name

}
```

### Guidelines for exclusions object
The `exclusions` object is compromised of the following optional properties:
```javascript
"exclusions": {

>     "severity": [int], // Means don't include rules with severities that are in this list in the BPA execution

Author: Using "omitted" instead of "excluded"

    "ids": ["Id"] // Means don't include rules that are in this list in the BPA execution
}
```
If the inclusions object contains values, then the exclusions object will be ignored. 

### Guidelines for inclusions object
The `inclusions` object is compromised of the following optional properties:
```javascript
"inclusions": {
    "ids": ["Id"] // Means only include rules that are in this list in the BPA execution

> }

Author: It can be. At the time, it seemed redundant to have it be in both as there are only three severity options. Should I add it in?

> }

Reviewer: Ah, you mean if someone wants to only include '3', they can just exclude '1' and '2'?  That could work.  If it's easy enough though, it might be more user-friendly to just support it in both ways.

```
If the inclusions object contains values, then the exclusions object will be ignored. 

### Guidelines for output object [[*]](#note)

> **NOTE: `Output` is not yet supported. 

Author: I copied the format of `Evaluate` in the docs/authoring-json-rules.md
